---
layout: post
title: Committee minutes
author: wyrdathru
category: "news"
tags: [news]
---
## Committee minutes
Our committee meeting minutes are posted to our public website for transparency and an insight in what we're working hard on behind the scenes.

Committee Meeting for August 19th, 2015
=======================================

Attendees
---------
* Kyle Wernham
* Gareth Pulham
* Harry Reeder
* Graham Walters
* Amantle Craviolatti

Agenda
------
* Slack and IRC
* Freshers' Fair
* Rest of Freshers'

Slack and IRC
-------------
* Taking Slack for just now
* Implement Shout rapidly

Freshers' Fair
--------------
* Thursday 10th September
* Harry won't be available
* Gareth can commit to primarily NDS
* Graham will be ~there~ but may leave on short notice.
* Email NSA to arrange colocation with NVGS and power.
* Server naming competition

Rest of Freshers'
-------------------------------------------
* Friday 11th September - Google Lecture - Kyle to talk(?)
* Let's organise the minihack with SoC & other socs.
* MLH pushed to T2

Socials
-------
* C27 not usable on Wednesday nights - C28 as a coworking space?
* Golf top as potential venue for pub socials on Wednesday nights
* Crash and Compile - October some time.
* Alternating Tuesdays/Thursdays "learning" and "doing" - 1 ea per mo

Miscellany
----------
* Continue to investigate the domain name. It's owned by the SoC but we should probably get it back at the renewal in September.