---
layout: post
title: Committee Meeting - Minutes
author: wyrdathru
category: "news"
tags: [news]
---
A meeting to discuss the plans for the re-launch of the NDS and the work that needs to be done over the summer and beyond.

# Attendees
* Kyle Wernham
* Gareth Pulham
* Harry Reeder
* Gary Kirk
* Amantle Craviolatti

# Agenda
* Creation of executive assistant roles
* New society meeting schedule
* September intake programme/Content planning
* Outreach
* Website

# Notes

## Creation of executive assistant roles
* During the Annual General Meeting (AGM) it was noted we might want additional, non-executive roles on the committee which had extra advantages when contacting outside groups.
* Decided that it should be consistent but flexible - "Committee Member" titles were agreed.
* Gary, Harry, and Amantle to be Committee Members.
* Business cards - lets get some, if we make regular, in person contact (Tech Meet-ups?).

## New society meeting schedule
* Decided on an informal weekly meeting in a fixed room (C27?) for people to be able to drop in consistently
* With less frequent organised presented content.
* The informal meetings will be a single day consistently, with presented events staggered between 2 days.

## September intake programme/Content Planning
* Freshers week - pre-buy stuff and retroactively claim funds.
* Server on the faire table
* Mini hack (with SoC?). Let's get more than devs involved
* Mobile apps: get an App Explorer competition going - Speak to Sally for a Games Lab tablet.
* Web Apps
* Crash and Compile
* Talks
* MLH hack in 26/27th September

## Outreach
* Front-of-class "we're here" talks.
* Outreach to the SoC
* Open source encouragement
* Sponsors
    * Hard until we've developed a name.
* Partners
    * CompSoc at Edinburgh
    * NVGS
* Lecturers and ex-students
    * Contacts in industry and other such stuff
    * Many companies that take on interns might consider getting involved with us
* Product and service provider outreach
    * Sponsored licenses
    * Donated equipment
    * Beneficial accounts

## Website
* We need a new one!
* Split public and member websites
* A wiki for internal documentation: DokuWiki? MediaWiki?
* Who owns the domain: we don't know - whois says "napier" - speak to Graham.
* Emails accounts need set up with aliases for roles, i.e., president@napierdevsoc.uk

## Miscellany
* Consider branding re. "Developers", change to mainly using NDS.
* Need to get on the (E)NSA website
